375 (details over replay aspects)
	A. Mouse -
		After looking at the write up and watching the video for course project c,
		I'm still slightly confused as to how the replay capability works.
		I understand how recording all the syscalls works,
		but am confused as to what the replay ability is supposed to do with that.

		Is it just supposed to return its logged values for syscalls
		if they are called again with certain inputs, 
		or is it supposed to invoke those calls itself.

	YK-
		You need to first pass a basic functionality test for sure,
		that at least you should be able to replay a small program with a few syscalls.
		If you pass, you will get most of your grade (e.g., 75%).

		A very simple test case would be
		for( i = 0; i < 10; i++ ) {
		printf("...", time());
		}

		Also, I will read your code to grade your understanding of the project as well.
		Understanding the problem itself is also a part of the grade like the exam.
		You will be submitting a report as well. It will be announced.


	A. Helix -
		One aspect of the project that is not explicitly stated is
		whether the replayed commands should output the same results as the recorded commands,
		or if different starting conditions can lead to different outputs.

		Using your example with the time() function,
		should the replayed commands output the same times as the recorded commands,
		or should it print the current times?


	YK -
		recorded time.
		I think this should be clear as it is "record and replay",
		if it is the current time,
		it shouldn't be called as a replay.

		Please understand that this is supposed to be an exam.
		Clearly understanding the question is also part of the project as well.
		If the concept is difficult to grasp,
		you may need to read some papers regarding record and replay.
		As mentioned in the lecture as well, please do not see the course project as another homework.
		Picking a project that you have a good understanding of is also part of the project.
		
		The original description includes the sentence
			"
				In this project,
				your goal is to implement a record and replay system in xv6.
				
				A recorder logs all the system calls.
				A replayer replays the recorded (i.e., logged) values of the system calls.
			"
